Update Key Vault documentation (#32313)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/keyvault/Azure.Security.KeyVault.Keys/README.md

* Authorization to an existing Azure Key Vault using either [RBAC][rbac_guide] (recommended) or [access control][access_policy].

If you are creating a standard Key Vault resource, run the following CLI command replacing `<your-resource-group-name>` and `<your-key-vault-name>` with your own, unique names:

```PowerShell
az keyvault create --resource-group <your-resource-group-name> --name <your-key-vault-name>
```

If you are creating a Managed HSM resource, run the following CLI command:

```PowerShell
az keyvault create --hsm-name <your-key-vault-name> --resource-group <your-resource-group-name> --administrators <your-user-object-id> --location <your-azure-location>
```

To get `<your-user-object-id>` you can run the following CLI command:

```PowerShell
az ad user show --id <your-user-principal> --query id
```

### Authenticate the client

In order to interact with the Azure Key Vault service, you'll need to create an instance of the [KeyClient][key_client_class] class. You need a **vault url**, which you may see as "DNS Name" in the portal,
and credentials to instantiate a client object.

> The examples shown below use a [`DefaultAzureCredential`][DefaultAzureCredential], which is appropriate for most scenarios including local development and production environments.

Reviewer: Did you mean to square bracket DefaultAzureCredential twice?

Author: It's not. The other has backticks. In markdown, you can use links anywhere (we put them at the bottom typically) and reference named links via subsequent square brackets e.g., `[text description][actual_link]`. What many don't realize is that if the text is exactly the same, you only need one set of brackets e.g., `[DefaultAzureCredential]`. Since this doesn't match exactly, I have to use a subsequent set of brackets like you see here.

> The examples shown below use a [`DefaultAzureCredential`][DefaultAzureCredential], which is appropriate for most scenarios including local development and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples shown below use a [`DefaultAzureCredential`][DefaultAzureCredential], which is appropriate for most scenarios including local development and production environments utilizing managed identity authentication.
```

Additionally, we recommend using a managed identity for authentication in production environments.
You can find more information on different ways of authenticating and their corresponding credential types in the [Azure Identity][azure_identity] documentation.

> To use the `DefaultAzureCredential` provider shown below,
> or other credential providers provided with the Azure SDK, you must first install the Azure.Identity package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the `DefaultAzureCredential` shown below, or other credential types provided with the Azure Identity library, you must first install the `Azure.Identity` package:
```

Author: Markdown elides new lines in consecutive lines when rendered.
